README.md, before:

I live in Montevideo, Uruguay, I've been working with Ruby since 2010; Sinatra, Rails, Rails Engines, Angular, Node, Ionic, and React, are my usual tools of choice; I'm an Agile enthusiast, I'm proactive and business minded. I like to work in projects aligned with my interests, and most of the time I can't help to speak my mind, even if sometimes its not what you want to hear.

# Checking if I'm a good fit for your company?

Let me make your job easier:

#### Coding

- Ruby
  - [LatLong Gem](https://github.com/matismasters/latlong)
  2017 (WIP) gem for moving lat long points based on distance and direction
  - [Sinatra's handbook](https://github.com/matismasters/sinatras_handbook)
  2014 simple wiki-like sinatra app for personal stuff

- Rails
  - testing
  - testing
  - testing
- Javascript
  - testing
  - testing
  - testing
- CSS
  - testing
  - testing
  - testing

#### Management

- Trello
- Pivotal
- Blogposts
  - [Sprint Planning Tips](blog/sprint_planning_tips.md)
  - [Estimation Guideline](blog/estimation_guideline.md)

#### Entrepreneur

- Mr.Wattson
  - Consumption Monitor
  - Generation Monitor
  - Mobile Apps

#### Details

- [Github](https://github.com/matismasters)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matismasters/)
- [About.me](https://about.me/matis.masters)
- [Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059401461/)

Commit message:

Remove testing phrases and add coming soon messages

README.md, after:

I live in Montevideo, Uruguay, I've been working with Ruby since 2010; Sinatra, Rails, Rails Engines, Angular, Node, Ionic, and React, are my usual tools of choice; I'm an Agile enthusiast, I'm proactive and business minded. I like to work in projects aligned with my interests, and most of the time I can't help to speak my mind, even if sometimes its not what you want to hear.

# Checking if I'm a good fit for your company?

Let me make your job easier:

#### Coding

- Ruby
  - [LatLong Gem](https://github.com/matismasters/latlong)
  2017 (WIP) gem for moving lat long points based on distance and direction
  - [Sinatra's handbook](https://github.com/matismasters/sinatras_handbook)
  2014 simple wiki-like sinatra app for personal stuff

- Rails
  - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
- Javascript
  - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
- CSS
  - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...

#### Management

- Trello
  - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
- Pivotal
  - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
- Blogposts
  - [Sprint Planning Tips](blog/sprint_planning_tips.md)
  - [Estimation Guideline](blog/estimation_guideline.md)

#### Entrepreneur

- Mr.Wattson
  - Consumption Monitor
    - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
  - Generation Monitor
    - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...
  - Mobile Apps
    - Coming soon, too much covered by NDAs...

#### Details

- [Github](https://github.com/matismasters)
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/matismasters/)
- [About.me](https://about.me/matis.masters)
- [Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059401461/)
